For the dough
300g strong white bread flour
plus extra for dusting
5g sachet fast-action dried yeast
1 tsp olive oil
for the tin
For the sauce
400g passata
1 tsp dried oregano
½ tsp garlic powder
½ tsp onion powder
1 tsp golden caster sugar
For the topping
100g cheddar
coarsely grated
25g parmesan
grated
100g pre-grated mozzarella
15 slices pepperoni
handful of sliced jalapeños

Method
step 1
To make the dough, tip the flour into a large bowl, then stir in the yeast. Make a well in the middle, tip in 200ml cold water and a large pinch of salt,
and mix until all the flour has been incorporated and you have a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 5 mins until smooth. Tip into a bowl, 
cover with a clean tea towel and set aside for 1-2 hrs until doubled in size.

step 2
Use the olive oil to oil a rectangular tin, roughly 34 x 24cm. Tip the dough into the tin and deflate it by pushing it down.
Cover and leave at room temperature for at least 1 hr to relax – or preferably overnight in the fridge – until doubled in size.

step 3
To make the sauce, tip all the ingredients into a saucepan with a pinch of salt and bring to a simmer. Cook gently, stirring occasionally, 
for 10 mins then leave to cool. Can be made up to three days ahead and chilled, or frozen for up to three months.

step 4
Heat the oven to 240C/220C fan/gas 9. Stretch the dough so it fits to the corners of the tin. Mix the cheddar and parmesan and sprinkle generously around the edge of the dough to line the sides. Sprinkle any remaining cheddar mix and all the mozzarella all over the rest of the base. Drizzle the sauce over the cheese (traditionally this is spooned over the cheese in lines but you can add it however you like), then top with the pepperoni and jalapeños. Bake the pizza for 25 mins until the topping is bubbling and the cheesy edges are crisp. Leave to cool a little then draw a palette or cutlery knife around the edge to loosen and lift to a board. Cut into squares to serve.
